hi everyone so today I'm gonna be doing
the wipeout obstacle race which is after
the show wipeout and if you haven't seen
it you need to so this video is gonna
show you all the fun we had doing it and
all the information you're gonna need to
do it next year this particular race was
at the San Diego Del Mar fairground our
race started at 12 o'clock but they just
follow you into this line and you gotta
wait so we probably didn't run until
12:15 12:30 and during that wait time
there's a guy with a megaphone and he's
trying to get everybody hyped up and
make him do stretches and acting a fool
but it was still kind of fun I got your
energy going and then you start running
and you run around the San Diego
fairground which was pretty cool because
you ran through all like the horse races
tracks and stop and like a little town
today had so the first obstacle was at
this rope shimmy type thing and because
you wouldn't get hurt if you fell me and
my friends kept trying to knock each
other off of it which added a little bit
more fun to it I was super surprised in
the next up school because they gave you
tubes and once you picked up their tubes
they sprayed down the tube and your feet
our group decided to dress up like
people from Hawaii so when the guy saw
my outfit he's supposed to be spraying
down our tubes and our shoes but he
decided to spray me in my boobies so
after a little wet t-shirt contest you
clamp this huge hill they told you to go
deeper this is one of the harder
exercises because it requires a lot more
strength but if you watched my friend
he's tries to go with a camera and as
he's going down the camera wraps around
one of the bars so make sure when you
have with these cameras you're not
hitting herself in the face or wrapping
it around the monkey bars so try to hold
it some other way I would say every
quarter section on the race they had a
water station so it's nice to just
refresh because you know it's hot out
and you're you know you need water this
one's called the smash wall it's
basically just a wall climb and they had
different sections set up for your skill
level the taller ones medium ones and
I aimed for the taller one because I'm a
tall person so it's just kind of easy
for me to do and the landing side was
ahead a little platform so you didn't
fall off and hurt yourself
this is the foam of fury it's just a
normal water slide with foam on it but
because of my boobs
I only slid about half way and Nam did a
lot better because he didn't have
boobies and he slid all the way and got
completely covered in the foam which
made for a great photo op and it was
hilarious
you liked it next obstacle is to drop a
super steep incline that he needed a
rope to get up and then a super steep
drop-off and I was like now I'm doing
flip do a front flip now this is the
main attraction the big red balls this
is what everybody knows wipeouts for and
to me it was the most fun because you
just watch people get thrown about I
didn't see anybody make it past the
second ball and what's great about this
whole race is that any obstacle you
could have easily just loop back around
and redid it and this one we did a
couple of times because it was just so
fun so much so challenging and when you
stand up there it's definitely a lot
taller and a little more intimidating
than you think from standing at the
bottom I'm not sure what this one was
called but it's basically like a big
trampoline it was gigantic and it was
real fun to bounce on and they told you
not to do flips
I'm sure if you did a flip there would
be no consequences I don't think they
would actually kick you out you'd
probably just be yelled at but we didn't
risk it just so we didn't get kicked out
just in case but if you're watching the
leftist go up this guy bounces into this
girl who's filming and completely knocks
her into the netting quite hilarious
this one's called the bubble bash swing
I don't know why it was called the
bubble or the bash because neither of
those things happened basically just a
big giant rope swing that if you fell
you would land on an air mattress it is
one of the harder ones if you don't have
the strength to hold yourself up or if
you don't know how to swing on a rope I
obviously have very skilled rope
swinging skills okay this is a sweeper
this one was cool because they put you
inside of one of the buildings there and
it was the more intimidating one because
that thing was swinging very fast but I
quickly realized you can just crawl
underneath it and after watching people
crawl underneath it I was like I am
going to try to just jump over it and it
did not work out well at all because it
obviously just throws me off the thing
and it hurt it didn't stop rotating that
the speed it was rotating there was no
give to it I was just a little fly that
it swatted away and I went flying but I
highly suggest just jumping up and
getting hit by it it was way more fun
than crawling underneath it this is
called the wrecking ball to big balls
hung by a crane had spun in a circle and
you walk across this little thing over a
big pool of water and they made you put
on light jackets because you're
obviously gonna fall into the water
my boobs
and finally we're at the finish this is
the last one called happy endings and we
raced up I did not win I lost my race
and it's very tall very steep and it's
just one giant stair set into a giant
slip and slide Oh race we didn't time it
because we just ran for fun so I don't
really know how long the 5k with the
obstacles takes at the end they had like
a photo session with the big red balls
you can pose with also definitely bring
your Sun box because I bet myself you
might want to bring older shoes because
you can get soaking wet they're gonna
get covered in mud there is a shoe
donation at the end where they give
shoes to people who need shoes but this
was really fun and it's something that
anyone can do a lot of the obstacles
even if you didn't have the strength you
wouldn't get hurt
you would just land on an air mattress
and if you really didn't want to do it
you can just go around it there's no
requirement to do the actual obstacle
and it only costs about 40 bucks but
they have tiers so the sooner you buy it
the cheaper it is so look in the bed
I'll put the link for the website for
the run in the description below so you
can see when it's coming to your area
and how much it costs I highly recommend
dressing up it's like one of those races
where a lot of people dressed up and it
added to the fun so if you dress up it
adds everybody else's fun and if
everything else just is up and adds your
fun so I highly recommend dressing up in
a costume if you're coming just to be a
spectator you're gonna be sitting around
and doing a whole lot of nothing there
was only two spots to watch the very end
the big slide and the wrecking balls
which is only gonna be fun for a little
while but I would say it probably talked
about at least an hour for us to do the
run subscribe to my videos I put out a
video randomly I'm always doing some
kind of venture traveling the next video
I'll probably put out will be my trip to
bunch of Picchu in Peru at the end of
the month so stay tuned subscribe and
all that jazz thanks for watching also
check out the one I digest it's a
classified website I'll put the link for
that website in the description
you're like a little Bolivia